I really liked the Finance part of the final pset, so I wanted to build off of that to create a website of my own that would allow me to track something that interested me and that I also thought might be a helpful tool for many students here at Harvard. I chose mood, activities, and sleep as my three main pages to the website because those have been the areas at school that I've thought were most important to having good mindfulness/wellness, or at least they're the three that if neglected might impact me the most.

I chose to create different html pages for the logging pages where users added entries for mood, sleep, and activities compared to their corresponding "tracking" pages where the users could view their previous entries because I thought it made it look a lot cleaner if we didn't have big forms in the middle of the pages for mood, sleep, and activities and instead let the users access them only if they truly intended to add a new entry. For the bloom.db, I made a users table because that would be easy to build other tables off of and connect different tables through user_id. I thought that having a moods table on its own would also have been helpful because I wanted to be able to provide moods from the website as well as adding new ones through user input rather than just keeping track of different kinds of moods through the logging of new ones by users. I had separate log tables for sleep, moods, and activities, because the information I wanted to store about entries for the three categories was different and I didn't want to have too many unnecessary columns there.

I started the project with the app.py file, and slowly built out each route, starting with the actual code for the route and whatever SQL database creation/altering/selection was necessary, and then moved to creating the html, and mostly added the CSS as things felt salient through each of the steps. 

I wanted to use the Bootstrap cards for prior entries and their dates so users would be able to see in a nice format what they'd previously added as entries, and be able to compare and contrast with how things changed or did not over time. With the activities, I added that bit with the suggestions at the bottom because I know it can be hard to think up mindfulness activities on my own, so having suggestions from an outsider about what might work for me or being able to reference stuff I've done in the past would be helpful to remember what I've liked and disliked. For the moods, I thought that logging not only the name of the mood but the "vibe" of the mood was important because it'd let the user see patterns not just in specific headspaces they're having but more overall trends in themes of how they're feeling. I thought that having reflections for the sleep and mood logging were helpful, as they let a user reflect on WHY they're feeling certain ways instead of just what they're feeling, to be able to improve areas where they're struggling. 

As for the aesthetic I did for this website, I thought it was really important that I wasn't creating some dopamine-friendly webapp, because I know how screens can actually hurt mindfulness. I thought that using kind, friendly, and unintimidating language and formatting, with the pastel-colors and errors that were a softer red and the lowercase letters would help users be able to have a calming experience when logging their mindfulness, as this is what I know I would want if I were to have an app that served this purpose. I want it to be a simple site for tracking things, rather than a website that has an incredible or attractive UX, because the whole point is that users can get off of the web app after logging experiences and continue feeling mindful. 