Bloom hub is a personal mindfulness tracking web app that allows users to log sleep, moods, and mindfulness activity habits. The purpose of it is to help users track patterns in mental/physical wellness and the things that contribute to it(like sleep and what impacts your mental states). If running my project within cs50.dev, you can simply type 'flask run' into the terminal while you're inside of the 'cs50-final' project folder, and should be served up a URL that you can copy and paste into your browser to access the website. 

App.py is where the body of my Python/Flask code is. It contains the routes a user will access in order to get served up different looking webpages, such as the 'activities', 'mood', and 'sleep' pages to the site as well as their corresponding "log" routes which allow the user to add new entries. The templates/ folder contains all of the different html templates I created for this project in order to have different looking web pages for each route, with all of the html files extending from the layout.html base html file. The static/ file contains my CSS file, which has a mix of CSS I implemented myself after browsing different aesthetic options as well as some bootstraps methods and other styles pulled from chatgpt as I was figuring out how to make this project look the way I was hoping it to. the bloom.db file is where my database is stored, with all of my tables that I used to store user information.

When users get to the home page they can register to create an account, then log in, and go to the mood, sleep, or activities pages to either view their past entries for the three pages or add a new entry. If they click the text that says "bloom hub" in the top left it'll take them to the home 
page which is very minimalistic and will either welcome them by their name if logged in or give a generic welcome and opportunities to register or log in if the user isn't yet logged in. Users can also log out if they please.

For this project, I used Python, Flask, CSS, HTML, Bootstrap, and Jinja. The project does show entries by date, but I wasn't able to make it look nice with an over-time visualization for the different features I had in the app. I also would've liked to have more clean visualizations with transitions to different pages or introductions on the home page, but struggled with JavaScript. I definitely would've had a hard time trying to connect this with the Apple Health information. In the future I'd like to have the homepage show a dashboard of how a user's been doing over time in all of the categories, and be able to have analytics for trends, like the category of mood that's most frequent for them or average sleep, so the user doesn't have to figure that out themselves by looking at their own entries.

Link to my youtube video: https://youtu.be/-wibd67jwpM?si=784ng7uLpEKrT-dr